Oh.
You know about you and Zhao Tianhua back then
My ears are slightly closed.
I understand, Brother Xu, don't worry.
If the Zhao family dares to embarrass you again in the future
I, Su, will definitely go through fire and water
without hesitation
I got it.
I don't bother you about the Zhao family
What's that noise outside?
Why is it so noisy?
Hey, Mr. Jia
Today is the wedding of Mr. Zhao of the Zhao family
Host a wedding reception downstairs
So it's a coincidence that you're still arguing
Go
Tell it to go
The Zhao family is not allowed to hold a wedding banquet again today
Qinger
You can also accompany Mr. Xu to go down and watch the excitement